{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf0 {\listtext	1)	}For each beam energy, generate two Monte Carlo event samples using MadEvent.   \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Radiative tridents (Rad)\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Full-interference tridents (Tri)\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}[For purposes of cross-checking against the old method, it is also useful to generate a Bethe-Heitler trident (BH) sample]\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2)	}For each sample, you will find files *_unweighted_events.lhe and *_banner.txt.  You can look in either file for lines of the form \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 		#  Number of Events        :       10000\
		#  Integrated weight (pb)  :  .16298E+07\
		#  Truncated wgt (pb)      :  .61124E+04\
		#  Unit wgt                :  .16298E+03\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 		You should check that (Number of events) * (Unit weight) = (Integrated weight).  You need to keep track of the (Unit weight) for your events, but since you are combining events from multiple files, you need to compute your own (Unit weight) defined as (Integrated weight from MadGraph) / (Total number of events generated by MadGraph).  Keep track of this (Unit weight) for each sample of events \'97 below, I will call these uwt_Rad, uwt_Tri.  For example, if you generated 500K Rad files each of which had the weight information above, uwt_X would be (.16298E+07 pb)/(500K events) = 3.2596 pb/event.  \
		As you apply additional acceptance cuts, in the next step, the total cross-section within that acceptance will be (uwt_X) * (# of events of type X passing the cuts).  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3)	}Impose our experimental acceptance criteria \'97 for now, these are just the solid angle cuts motivated by the septa optical acceptance (as in the proposal).  Later, we should impose your model of the septa 
\b geometric
\b0  acceptance, Guido\'92s more detailed model of the optical acceptance, and some efficiencies).      The cross-section within experimental acceptance is \uc0\u963 _X = (uwt_X) * (# of X events passing cuts).  The number of events expected within acceptance is given by N_X = \u963 _X * Lumi, where Lumi = N_electrons * (target thickness in g/cm^2) / (target atomic mass in g/mole) * (Avogadro\'92s number).  \
{\listtext	4)	}The cross-section and number of events expected within a given invariant mass window are defined similarly.  It is useful to tabulate d\uc0\u963 /dm and dN/dm at different mass points for each sample, Rad and BH.  This can be done with reasonable accuracy and reasonable statistics by counting events from MadGraph (after the acceptance criteria of #3 above) in a window of pair invariant mass m+/-(0.025*m),  dividing by the bin width 0.5*m, and multiplying by uwt and Lumi as above.\
{\listtext	5)	}Using the expressions in Appendix B, we calculate the mass resolution \uc0\u948 
\fs22 \dn6 m
\fs32 \up0 . for each of the mass points above. We then wish to calculate S/sqrt(B), as a function of mass m, the acceptance region with bins of size 2.5 \'d7 \uc0\u948 
\fs22 \dn6 m 
\fs32 \up0 in invariant mass.   \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}B = dN_Tri/dm * 2.5 \'d7 \uc0\u948 
\fs22 \dn6 m\
\ls2\ilvl1
\fs32 \up0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}S = N_sig * 0.8 (the efficiency for signal events to land in a 2.5-sigma window), where (see equation 18 in proposal) N_sig = 3 \uc0\u960  
\f1 \uc0\u1013 ^
\f0 2/(2 N_eff \uc0\u945 ) * m * dN_Rad/dm \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	6)	}Finally, solve S/sqrt(B) = 2 for 
\f1 \uc0\u1013 ^
\f0 2 = \uc0\u945 
\f3 \uc0\u697 
\f0 /\uc0\u945 .}